Update solana pay content (#345)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/solana-pay/solana-pay.md

objectives:
  - Use the Solana Pay specification to build payment requests and initiate
    transactions using URLs encoded as QR codes

>   - Use the `@solana/pay` library to assist in creating Solana Pay transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use the `@solana/pay` library to create Solana Pay transaction
```

Author: Fixed according to comment.

) {

>   if (req.method === "GET") {

Reviewer: Please fix request and response everywhere. Use find and replace.

Author: All of them are fixed.

    return get(res);

>   } else if (req.method === "POST") {

Reviewer: This else is unnecessary.

Author: Fixed

    icon: "https://solana.com/src/img/branding/solanaLogoMark.svg",
  });
}

> async function post(req: NextApiRequest, res: NextApiResponse) {

Reviewer: Good spot! I can't believe we had these as `PublicKey`.

    return get(res);

>   } else if (req.method === "POST") {

Reviewer: This else is unnecessary too.

>     return await post(req, res);

Reviewer: This else is unnecessary too.

Author: Fixed

...

> async function post(req: NextApiRequest, res: NextApiResponse) {

Author: Updated.

  const { account } = req.body;
  const { reference, id } = req.query;

  if (!account || !reference || !id) {
    res.status(400).json({ error: "Missing required parameter(s)" });
    return;
  }

  try {
    const transaction = await buildTransaction(
      new PublicKey(account),
      new PublicKey(reference),
      id.toString(),
    );

    res.status(200).json({
      transaction: transaction,
      message: `You've found location ${id}!`,
    });

>   } catch (err) {

Author: Updated.

...

async function post(req: NextApiRequest, res: NextApiResponse) {
  const { account } = req.body;
  const { reference, id } = req.query;

  if (!account || !reference || !id) {
    res.status(400).json({ error: "Missing required parameter(s)" });
    return;
  }

  try {
    const transaction = await buildTransaction(
      new PublicKey(account),
      new PublicKey(reference),
      id.toString(),
    );

    res.status(200).json({
      transaction: transaction,
      message: `You've found location ${id}!`,
    });

>   } catch (err) {
>     console.log(err);
>     let error = err as any;
>     if (error.message) {
>       res.status(200).json({ transaction: "", message: error.message });
>       return;
>     }
>     res.status(500).json({ error: "error creating transaction" });

Reviewer: Per https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#jsts you are allowed to assume any thrown object is an Error. What this looks like:

```suggestion
  } catch (thrownObject) {
    let error = thrownObject as Error;
    res.status(200).json({ transaction: "", message: error.message });
    return;
```

Author: Thanks for the review, updated.

        let error = err as any
        if (error.message) {
            res.status(200).json({ transaction: "", message: error.message })

>             return

Reviewer: Run prettier over this code. See https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#jsts re: markdown and prettier.

Author: Fixed.

<img width="396" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-26 at 22 01 16" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8af9cb38-04bd-4a93-9a9b-d19090eeec4a">

Reviewer: Sorry, there's something you missed in https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#jsts re: markdown and prettier. Quoting:

> Note that while prettier can format Markdown, https://github.com/prettier/prettier/issues/5378 so you'll need to format the code yourself for now. To do this quickly, make a blank deleteme.ts file, paste your code in there, and then save it (allowing prettier to do its work), and paste it back into the document.
